Add some options to toggle features (#16)
daac-tools/vaporetto: vaporetto/README.md

## Feature flags

The following features are disabled by default:

* `kytea` - Enables the reader for models generated by KyTea.
* `train` - Enables the trainer.
* `portable-simd` - Uses the [portable SIMD API](https://github.com/rust-lang/portable-simd) instead
  of our SIMD-conscious data layout. (Nightly Rust is required.)

The following features are enabled by default:

> * `cache-type-score` - Enables caching type scores. If disabled, type scores are calculated each time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `cache-type-score` - Enables caching type scores for faster processing. If disabled, type scores are calculated in a straightforward manner.
```

> * `fix-weight-length` - Uses arrays for storing scores for easy optimization. If disabled, it uses vectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `fix-weight-length` - Uses fixed-size arrays for storing scores to facilitate optimization. If disabled, vectors are used instead.
```
